---
layout: default
title: 2022-08-20
parent: Release Notes
has_children: false
has_toc: false
nav_order: 19
---

# Release notes for 2022-09-17

## Enhancements


Enhancement
{: .label .label-green }

**Help and Support**

Matrix user interface has been revamped to a new version with better access to support options.

[comment]: <> (TODO: Are there any more details that can be provided for this enhancement ?)
[comment]: <> (For example: How can users access this support ?)


Enhancement
{: .label .label-green }

**Auto-assign Matrix incidents to workforce based on Availability**
1. Matrix will automatically assign incidents to members of your workforce with the following criteria:
   1. Incident gets assigned to one of the users who are within the _"Availability"_ period
      1. Please define _"Availability"_ for members of your workforce who are intended recipients for these incidents.
   2. Only applicable for system generated _"Incidents"_ 
      1. _"Tasks"_ are manually assigned to users, as usual.

[comment]: <> (How can mode be changed from availability based to shift based and vice versa ?
)
[comment]: <> (TODO:      2. Is there any other criteria for assigning incidents ?)

[comment]: <> (TODO: If more than 1 user has availability defined and is available, how is selection done to assign the incident ?)
      
2. The intended recipients are no longer required to check in to their shift in order to be assigned the incidents.

## New features

---

Feature
{: .label .label-blue }

**Identity and Access Management (IAM)** 
1. This module allows users with specific roles in your Property to view and manage access by other users as well as invite new users.
2. To understand the fundamentals of this module, refer to [documentation for IAM](/iam.html) 
3. Only Super-users of the Property (such as Property Admins) will be able to manage (edit) the access for other users.
   1. Note: Super-users have unrestricted access to all operations in all the modules
4. This new module can be opened by clicking on _"Access Management"_ option (under _Account Settings_) in the settings dropdown menu. 


Feature
{: .label .label-blue }

**Ignore alert block duration for specified slot types at Zone level** 
1. Incidents generated by specified slot types can be made to ignore the alert (incident) block duration set for the Zone
 (Location). 
2. This setting is disabled by default, and can be enabled for the desired device Slot types.
3. For example: To allow Feedback alerts to be generated irrespective of other alerts being generated for a location,
enable this setting for the slot type: Feedback for your Project.
4. To enable this setting for desired types in your Project:
   1. Please open a support ticket with us, or
   2. Contact your SmartClean account manager.
  

## Pre-releases

Pre-release
{: .label .label-purple }

**Workflows**
_Goal:_ Connect events from our platform in order to execute custom logic

Examples: 
- When parameters from air quality sensor goes beyond a certain level, turns on a fan in the area for air circulation.
- When temperature in an area crosses a certain level, turn on a fan or any cooling unit.
- When bad smell is reported by user, turn on a fan and / or spray an electronic room freshener.
- When water spill detected in a location, turn on a fan for drying the area.
 
1. For use cases to turn-on or turn-off your appliance based on such events:
   1. The appliance must be connected to power using our IoT Smart Switch.
2. In upcoming releases, we will be launching some examples on how to use such _Workflows_.
3. Currently, the custom logic will be defined in serverless functions (using AWS Lambda)
   1. You are free to use your own serverless function and give us the endpoint to invoke.
   2. Or, request us to create the serverless function based on your requirements.
4. In the future, serverless functions by other popular providers will be supported by Workflows to give you more choice.

For more information about this pre-release module, and for more complex use cases:
   1. Please open a support ticket with us, or
   2. Contact your SmartClean account manager.
